Hello everyone. In this tutorial, we cover how to use the interactive lecture system. 70% of your coursework grade will be calculated from your interactions with the lectures, so it's crucial you familiarize yourself with this system.

Each week, a new lecture will become available. It is your responsibility to view the lecture, and complete the embedded assignments, within one week of them being available. 

I will open the first week's lecture, which is available right now, to illustrate how to interact with this system,

First, upon clicking the video link, you will be prompted to input your student ID. You must enter a valid ID to access the lecture. This should be 9 characters in length. You can enter your ID in the format:

sXXXXXXXX

If you are unable to sign-in, please reach out to me as soon as you can. This will be required for all lectures in this course.

After you have signed in, you will see a media player with the lecture video. Before commencing the lecture, ensure you have completed that week's required reading.

Now, you can begin the lecture. Please pay attention to what is being discussed. 

After some moments, you'll see the lecture pause and some questions appearing on the screen. 

These usually relate to the topic being discussed in the lecture, which is why you needed to pay close attention. 

The questions you see will be either multiple choice, true false, or short answer statements. 

Please respond to ALL the items, and click on 'Submit Results'. Then, if the video does not automatically resume playback, you can press on the Play icon to continue.

Note that you MUST submit the questions to continue with the lecture. The video will not play, and you cannot skip ahead, if you haven't finished the earlier quizzes.

There will be several of these quizzes distributed throughout the lecture, with the last one typically near the end of the lecture. 

After you have completed all quizzes, you must press the 'Submit Final Results' button for your quiz to be uploaded.

The grades for your responses will be uploaded on Moodle a week after the interactive lecture closes. 

Before ending this tutorial, I want to highlight some additional points:

- First, as noted above, these lecture assessments will be available for a week only. If you do not complete the assessments within the week specified, your responses will *not* be graded.

- An additional point to consider is that the specific questions each of you see will not be the same. The questions will vary based on individual IDs.

For example, lets refresh the quiz and enter a different ID. We can try to skip ahead, but you'll notice the video won't play anymore until we complete the provided quiz. Notice that the question is fairly distinct from what had appeared when we entered the earlier ID. 






